My name is Rick and I'm a network administrator working in a Japanese company located in Vietnam.
I'm also a indie mobile app& game developer, but I only develop app for fun.

From my problem to my app idea

I got married in 2014. After married, I had problem with my relationship with my wife. We didn't feel happy together as same as before.
There's something wrong with us and it increased significantly day after day. I recognize  that I had to do something to boost our relationship.
That's why I developed this app for myself. And it helped me so much. I have great marriage life now and I want to share my app to all of you and it's free without banner ads.

If you have any query, please feel free to ask me at akiba1989@gmail.com.

I value your feedback and thank you for using my app.

If you find this app useful for you and you have great life with your wife, you can support its development by sending a donation to me by clicking DONATE button below or share my app on facebook, twitter,.. etc.


We exist to tell people about God’s amazing plan for marriage and to equip couples to have the marriage God has designed especially for them.

Are you single? Look for blog posts just for you. In our store you'll find Dr. Kim’s workbook designed especially for singles, The 30 Day Experiment for Singles.

Are you in a serious dating relationship or are engaged? The online video class Preparing for the Marriage of a Lifetime is your next step. Hundreds of couples have benefitted from this teaching and you can take the course at a time that works best for you. You will also find many other books and resources.

Are you Married? Don’t just survive, your marriage was meant to thrive. Sign up for “One Thing” and get daily encouragement and practical wisdom for how to build an awesome marriage from Dr. Kim! Other great resources are Dr. Kim’s book 7 Secrets to an Awesome Marriage and The 30 Day Experiment for Marrieds.

We value your input and feedback and thank you for being a part of the Awesome Marriage Movement. Together, with God’s help, we are making a difference.